So we got a question from the class,
which TSC are we using?
And it's a fair question, and here's why,
I have a global TSC Let me prove it.
If I go open a new terminal here real
quick and I go to my home folder, right?
I have TSC somewhere, outside
the context of any specific project.
I have Within each package,
you see you have a little node
modules here with dot bin.
There's a tsc in here,
right in each package.
But this one doesn't have one interesting.
It's because it's not.
It is not stating a dependency
on TypeScript compiler here.
Doesn't seem to be hurting us for
the time being.
And then of course in my top
level node modules folder,
if I close all this stuff we have in
our dot bin folder, there's the TSC.
So here's what's going on.
There are a couple things that
are working together in concert.
To make this work really nicely, and
let me actually bring this back.
Let me create some nuance here so
we can see what's going on.
So part of the Installation
instructions here had you set up
something called volta.
volta manages global and
package specific dependencies and
its job is to make sure you get
the right thing, depending on context.
So I just installed a TypeScript 397
Now I did this deliberately because
I want us to see a difference when we're
working inside the project versus outside.
So here's one thing volta is doing for us.
We can do TSC dash dash version in
my user home folder, I get 397.
And if I go back into the project and
run the exact same command
Let me make sure that this is
working the way I thought it would
There we've got 403397
and back in the project 403 so
you can see here when I call TSC.
Volta is doing some work for us here.
It knows it finds that, based on our
working directory, we have a package JSON.
And that specifies a version
of a TypeScript package.
So even if we invoke this globally,
right, we did not do this.
I'm sure you're used to doing this.
This basically says Go
into node modules dot bin.
Find something there, right?
We didn't do this.
This still works.
And although it's not strictly
necessary for things like PSC,
it's totally necessary for
things like that.
A yarn.
Yarn without volta yarn is nowhere in our
package JSON, are we using 118 or 122?
We still need to be able to
sort of pin that version so
we get a truly reproducible build.
All right?
If a version of yarn is creating
buggy lock files, we may, need to.
Use an older version that doesn't
have that bug we need to pin yarn.
So that's one thing that's happening here.
And the other thing I wanna
shed some light on is
these inner node modules, folders.
So note that all of these things that
are in the .binfolder like inside types,
node modules, utils node modules,
they're just symlinks,
symbolic links that take
you to the workspace level,
package or
the workspace level node modules.
And you can see,
Those sim links right here.
So really there is only one jest,
there is only one TSC.
The reason that they're placed
in this local node modules,
here is because not every tool in
the ecosystem can handle the idea of.
Being invoked from a non
conventional location, right?
Some things just expect a local
node modules to be there,
relative to what package JSON and
it should just work.
So you get symlinks,
to ensure that the tools that are more
picky about this kind of thing.
They, they are happy because they can be
found in a relatively common location.
So you can think of this types folder, too
many, like CLS and things that would run.
It doesn't even feel like
it's special thing, right?
It just feels like.
There's this node modules dot bin PSC or
es lint is in there,
you know we'll put linting
in there in there later on.
So that's why this is treated specially
now, for non executable node modules,
because those all use the require
dot resolve algorithm,
which will basically start from.
Where the require happens
right in that JavaScript file?
And it'll keep going to parent and parent
and parent and looking for node modules.
Do you have something for me?
Is there a node modules?
Do you have something for me and keep
bubbling up, all of that's going to end up
working out with it without
any special treatment needed.
So that's why you only see these
executable things in the dot bin folder.